README.md, before:

# [Senthil Kannan's Portfolio](https://spk2dc.github.io/)

[Go to the live website](https://spk2dc.github.io/)

Hello and welcome to my portfolio built with Gatsby! Here you can explore my website to get a better understanding of my background, projects, and experience.

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/spk2dc/)

---

I also have an old portfolio built with Jekyll that has some additional details on my mechanical engineering projects that can be seen on the site linked below.

[Old Portfolio](https://spk2dc.github.io/portfolio)

And I have a super old portfolio built with Wix from back in college that I keep around just for nostalgia.

[Super Old College Portfolio](https://spk2dc.wixsite.com/portfolio)

---

**Template theme this site is based off of:**

[London by Jamstack Studio and ImedAdel](https://github.com/ImedAdel/gatsby-london)

Based on [London for Ghost](https://github.com/TryGhost/London)

Demo: https://gatsby-london.netlify.com

A custom, image-centric theme for Gatsby. Made for publishers and portfolios with plenty of graphics to show off to the world. Completely free and fully responsive, released under the MIT license.

---

Commit message:

fixing old portfolio link in readme. updating site config description

README.md, after:

# [Senthil Kannan's Portfolio](https://spk2dc.github.io/)

[Go to the live website](https://spk2dc.github.io/)

Hello and welcome to my portfolio built with Gatsby! Here you can explore my website to get a better understanding of my background, projects, and experience.

[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/spk2dc/)

---

I also have an old portfolio built with Jekyll in a slightly different layout.

[Old Portfolio](https://spk2dc.github.io/OLD_portfolio/)

And I have a super old portfolio built with Wix from back in college that I keep around just for nostalgia. Also has some additional projects that I decided not to migrate to my newer portfolios.

[Super Old College Portfolio](https://spk2dc.wixsite.com/portfolio)

---

**Template theme this site is based off of:**

[London by Jamstack Studio and ImedAdel](https://github.com/ImedAdel/gatsby-london)

Based on [London for Ghost](https://github.com/TryGhost/London)

Demo: https://gatsby-london.netlify.com

A custom, image-centric theme for Gatsby. Made for publishers and portfolios with plenty of graphics to show off to the world. Completely free and fully responsive, released under the MIT license.

---
