content/projects/delivery_robot/index.md, before:

---
title: Autonomous Line-Following Delivery Robot
date: "2017-05-01"
category: "project_post"
tags: "mechanical"
thumbnail: ./Line_Following_Robot_Diagram.png
description: Designed complex automatic home watering system that can be controlled remotely through a website.
---

### Description

- Coded Arduino program in C to automate line-following control algorithm

- Set up online order placement using integrated SQL database and PHP scripts

- Designed 3D printed delivery system to operate with a servo, laser cut chassis of robot, wired electronic circuitry, incorporated infrared sensors and encoders

### Technologies

- SolidWorks CAD Software
- 3D Printing
- Arduino microcontroller
- C++ programming
- Circuitry design and wiring
- Laser Cutter
- Pololu Wixel 2.4 GHz radio board

<br />

### Example Images and Descriptions

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./Line_Following_Robot_Diagram.png" alt="watering_system">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">System Architecture</h5>
    <p class="card-text">Basic layout diagram of main parts needed and their placement on the device</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./Line_Following_Robot_Layout.png" alt="watering_system">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">Platform Diagram</h5>
    <p class="card-text">CAD drawing of location of all cutouts on plastic chassis board. Drawing was exported and sent to laser cutter to create the platform for all the device's components.</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./IMG_5049-e1481161426959.jpg" alt="watering_system">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">Delivery Robot</h5>
    <!-- picture from TLP blog, source: https://pages.shanti.virginia.edu/TLP_TLC/2016/12/07/autonomous-robot/ -->
  </div>
</div>

Commit message:

fixing descriptions for fridge and delivery robot

content/projects/delivery_robot/index.md, after:

---
title: Autonomous Line-Following Delivery Robot
date: "2017-05-01"
category: "project_post"
tags: "mechanical"
thumbnail: ./Line_Following_Robot_Diagram.png
description: Built robot that can automatically deliver payloads by following lines and communicating with a remote database of orders.
---

### Description

- Coded Arduino program in C to automate line-following control algorithm

- Set up online order placement using integrated SQL database and PHP scripts

- Designed 3D printed delivery system to operate with a servo, laser cut chassis of robot, wired electronic circuitry, incorporated infrared sensors and encoders

### Technologies

- SolidWorks CAD Software
- 3D Printing
- Arduino microcontroller
- C programming
- SQL & PHP
- Circuitry design and wiring
- Laser Cutter
- Pololu Wixel 2.4 GHz radio board

<br />

### Example Images and Descriptions

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./Line_Following_Robot_Diagram.png" alt="watering_system">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">System Architecture</h5>
    <p class="card-text">Basic layout diagram of main parts needed and their placement on the device</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./Line_Following_Robot_Layout.png" alt="watering_system">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">Platform Diagram</h5>
    <p class="card-text">CAD drawing of location of all cutouts on plastic chassis board. Drawing was exported and sent to laser cutter to create the platform for all the device's components.</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./IMG_5049-e1481161426959.jpg" alt="watering_system">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">Delivery Robot</h5>
    <!-- picture from TLP blog, source: https://pages.shanti.virginia.edu/TLP_TLC/2016/12/07/autonomous-robot/ -->
  </div>
</div>
