content/projects/cryostat_fridge/index.md, before:

---
title: Cryostat Fridge
date: "2017-05-01"
category: "project_post"
tags: "mechanical"
thumbnail: ./Model_Picture_1.jpg
description: Designed complex automatic home watering system that can be controlled remotely through a website.
---

### Description

- Measured complicated parts and modeled them using SolidWorks for use in research and experiments

- Iterated and optimized designs in large assemblies, and collaborated with machinists to produce final product

- Provided detailed drawings of intricate parts to machine shop for manufacturing, adhering to standard protocol

### Technologies

- SolidWorks CAD Software
- SimulationXpress Analysis
- Finite Element Analysis

<br />

### Example Images and Descriptions

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./Model_Picture_1.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">Top Plate (Back Right)</h5>
    <p class="card-text">This SolidWorks Model is an exact replica of the top plate of the physics lab's cryostat fridge. It includes every feature and connector so when sent to collaborating labs they can use this model for reference.</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./Model_Picture_2.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">Top Plate (Back Left)</h5>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./Model_Picture_3.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">Top Plate (Left Side)</h5>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./internal_stick/IMG_20161001_162402596.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">Internal Specimen Holder</h5>
    <p class="card-text">Apparatus used to hold solid polarized target sample and insert into dilution fridge</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./internal_stick/IMG_20161001_162035007.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">New Carbon Fiber Specimen Holder</h5>
    <p class="card-text">Improved redesign of apparatus used to insert samples into dilution fridge</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./internal_stick/Dilution_Fridge_BOM.png" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">Bill of Materials</h5>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./internal_stick/Dilution_Fridge_Assemblly_Detail.png" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">Detailed Cross Section View</h5>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./internal_stick/Capture_1.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">SolidWorks Model Isometric View</h5>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./internal_stick/IMG_20161001_162237476.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">New Specimen Holder - Transition View</h5>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./internal_stick/IMG_20161001_162318426.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">New Specimen Holder - Top View</h5>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./internal_stick/IMG_20161001_162451338.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">3D Printed Rotating Specimen Container</h5>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./internal_stick/IMG_20161001_163346990.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">3D Printed Specimen Radiation Container</h5>
  </div>
</div>

Commit message:

fixing descriptions for fridge and delivery robot

content/projects/cryostat_fridge/index.md, after:

---
title: Cryostat Fridge
date: "2017-05-01"
category: "project_post"
tags: "mechanical"
thumbnail: ./Model_Picture_1.jpg
description: Designed and modeled parts to build a dilution fridge for use in advanced particle physics and quantum mechanics research.
---

### Description

- Measured complicated parts and modeled them using SolidWorks for use in research and experiments

- Iterated and optimized designs in large assemblies, and collaborated with machinists to produce final product

- Provided detailed drawings of intricate parts to machine shop for manufacturing, adhering to standard protocol

### Technologies

- SolidWorks CAD Software
- SimulationXpress Analysis
- Finite Element Analysis

<br />

### Example Images and Descriptions

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./Model_Picture_1.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">Top Plate (Back Right)</h5>
    <p class="card-text">This SolidWorks Model is an exact replica of the top plate of the physics lab's cryostat fridge. It includes every feature and connector so when sent to collaborating labs they can use this model for reference.</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./Model_Picture_2.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">Top Plate (Back Left)</h5>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./Model_Picture_3.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">Top Plate (Left Side)</h5>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./internal_stick/IMG_20161001_162402596.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">Internal Specimen Holder</h5>
    <p class="card-text">Apparatus used to hold solid polarized target sample and insert into dilution fridge</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./internal_stick/IMG_20161001_162035007.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">New Carbon Fiber Specimen Holder</h5>
    <p class="card-text">Improved redesign of apparatus used to insert samples into dilution fridge</p>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./internal_stick/Dilution_Fridge_BOM.png" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">Bill of Materials</h5>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./internal_stick/Dilution_Fridge_Assemblly_Detail.png" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">Detailed Cross Section View</h5>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./internal_stick/Capture_1.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">SolidWorks Model Isometric View</h5>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./internal_stick/IMG_20161001_162237476.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">New Specimen Holder - Transition View</h5>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./internal_stick/IMG_20161001_162318426.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">New Specimen Holder - Top View</h5>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./internal_stick/IMG_20161001_162451338.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">3D Printed Rotating Specimen Container</h5>
  </div>
</div>

<div class="card bg-light my-5 p-2">
  <img class="card-img-top border my-1" src="./internal_stick/IMG_20161001_163346990.jpg" alt="cryostat_fridge">
  <div class="card-body">
    <h5 class="card-title">3D Printed Specimen Radiation Container</h5>
  </div>
</div>
